README.md, before:

# react-native-sketch-draw

## For ReactNative v0.60

Forked from: https://github.com/VGamezz19/react-native-sketch-draw

A React Native component for touch based drawing supporting iOS and Android. Inspired by the libraries [react-native-sketch](https://github.com/jgrancher/react-native-sketch), [react-native-signature-capture](https://github.com/RepairShopr/react-native-signature-capture) and [react-native-sketch-view](https://github.com/keshavkaul/react-native-sketch-view)

This component was written to fulfill the following use cases:

1. Basic Touch based drawing for both iOS and android.
2. Shouldn't include any UI Elements for interaction. The UI Elements can be created and customized in react native.
3. Support touch drawing, erasing of part of drawing, clearing drawing, saving of drawn images locally and opening of locally saved images.

You can change color with prop `toolColor={'#color-CSS-Hexa'}`.

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/K2tCYNR.png)
## Getting Started

1. To install from this fork, add to package.json: `"react-native-sketch-draw": "github:cristianoccazinsp/react-native-sketch-draw"`
2. `$ react-native link react-native-sketch-draw` -- Not needed with RN >= 0.60
3. For iOS, open your application in Xcode `open /ios/app-name.xcodeproj`. -- Not needed with RN >= 0.60 and cocoapods
    1. Go to `app-name/Libraries/RNSketchView.xcodeproj/SketchView` or `pods_proj/react-native-sketch-view/SketchView/`
    2. Drag `SketchDrawContainer.xib` into your application project.
    3. Click on Copy Bundle Resources and add `SketchDrawContainer.xib`. (from Build Phases)

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/g2uJ9s8.png)

## Usage

```javascript
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import {
    View,
    Text,
    TouchableHighlight
} from 'react-native';
import SketchDraw from 'react-native-sketch-draw';

const SketchDrawConstants = SketchDraw.constants;

const tools = {};

tools[SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id] = {
    id: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id,
    name: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.name,
    nextId: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id
};
tools[SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id] = {
    id: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id,
    name: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.name,
    nextId: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id
};

export default class DrawBoard extends Component {

    constructor(props) {
        super(props);
        this.state = {
            color: '#FFFFFF',
            toolSelected: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id
        };
    }

    isEraserToolSelected() {
        return this.state.toolSelected === SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id;
    }

    toolChangeClick() {
        this.setState({toolSelected: tools[this.state.toolSelected].nextId});
    }

    getToolName() {
        return tools[this.state.toolSelected].name;
    }

    onSketchSave(saveEvent) {
        this.props.onSave && this.props.onSave(saveEvent);
    }

    render() {
        return (
            <View style={{flex: 1, flexDirection: 'column'}}>
                <SketchDraw style={{flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'white'}} ref="sketchRef"
                selectedTool={this.state.toolSelected}
                toolColor={'#FFFA38'} //Yelow Example! you can changIT!
                onSaveSketch={this.onSketchSave.bind(this)}
                localSourceImagePath={this.props.localSourceImagePath}/>

                <View style={{ flexDirection: 'row', backgroundColor: '#EEE'}}>
                    <TouchableHighlight underlayColor={"#CCC"} style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', paddingVertical:20 }} onPress={() => { this.refs.sketchRef.clearSketch() }}>
                        <Text style={{color:'#888',fontWeight:'600'}}>CLEAR</Text>
                    </TouchableHighlight>
                    <TouchableHighlight underlayColor={"#CCC"} style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', paddingVertical:20, borderLeftWidth:1, borderRightWidth:1, borderColor:'#DDD' }} onPress={() => { this.refs.sketchRef.saveSketch() }}>
                        <Text style={{color:'#888',fontWeight:'600'}}>SAVE</Text>
                    </TouchableHighlight>
                    <TouchableHighlight underlayColor={"#CCC"} style={{ flex: 1, justifyContent:'center', alignItems: 'center', backgroundColor:this.isEraserToolSelected() ? "#CCC" : "rgba(0,0,0,0)" }} onPress={this.toolChangeClick.bind(this)}>

                    <Text style={{color:'#888',fontWeight:'600'}}>ERASER</Text>
                    </TouchableHighlight>
                </View>
            </View>
        );
    }
}
```

## APIs and Props

### APIs

1. `clearSketch()` - Clears the view.
2. `saveSketch()` - Initiates saving of sketch.
3. `changeTool(toolId)` - Changes selected tool.
    * Tool Id can be found using SketchDraw tooltype constants eg. `SketchDraw.constants.toolType.pen.id`

#### Tool Types

1. Pen - `SketchDraw.constants.toolType.pen`
2. Eraser - `SketchDraw.constants.toolType.eraser`

### Props

1. `selectedTool` - Set the tool id to be selected.
2. `toolColor` - Set color for pen, using CSS colors.
3. `localSourceImagePath` - Local file path of the image.
4. `onSaveSketch(saveArgs)` - Callback when saving is complete.
    * `saveArgs` Is an object having the following properties -
        * `localFilePath` - Local file path of the saved image.
        * `imageWidth` - Width of the saved image.
        * `imageHeight` - Height of the saved image.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

add support for jpeg and compression. Remove deprecated events

README.md, after:

# react-native-sketch-draw

## For ReactNative v0.60

Forked from: https://github.com/VGamezz19/react-native-sketch-draw

TODO: Update deprecated code

A React Native component for touch based drawing supporting iOS and Android. Inspired by the libraries [react-native-sketch](https://github.com/jgrancher/react-native-sketch), [react-native-signature-capture](https://github.com/RepairShopr/react-native-signature-capture) and [react-native-sketch-view](https://github.com/keshavkaul/react-native-sketch-view)

This component was written to fulfill the following use cases:

1. Basic Touch based drawing for both iOS and android.
2. Shouldn't include any UI Elements for interaction. The UI Elements can be created and customized in react native.
3. Support touch drawing, erasing of part of drawing, clearing drawing, saving of drawn images locally and opening of locally saved images.

You can change color with prop `toolColor={'#color-CSS-Hexa'}`.

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/K2tCYNR.png)
## Getting Started

1. To install from this fork, add to package.json: `"react-native-sketch-draw": "github:cristianoccazinsp/react-native-sketch-draw"`
2. `$ react-native link react-native-sketch-draw` -- Not needed with RN >= 0.60
3. For iOS, open your application in Xcode `open /ios/app-name.xcodeproj`.
    1. Go to `app-name/Libraries/RNSketchView.xcodeproj/SketchView` or `pods_proj/react-native-sketch-view/SketchView/`
    2. Drag `SketchDrawContainer.xib` into your application project.
    3. Click on Copy Bundle Resources and add `SketchDrawContainer.xib`. (from Build Phases)

![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/g2uJ9s8.png)

## Usage

```javascript
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import {
    View,
    Text,
    TouchableHighlight
} from 'react-native';
import SketchDraw from 'react-native-sketch-draw';

const SketchDrawConstants = SketchDraw.constants;

const tools = {};

tools[SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id] = {
    id: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id,
    name: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.name,
    nextId: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id
};
tools[SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id] = {
    id: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id,
    name: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.name,
    nextId: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id
};

export default class DrawBoard extends Component {

    constructor(props) {
        super(props);
        this.state = {
            color: '#FFFFFF',
            toolSelected: SketchDrawConstants.toolType.pen.id
        };
    }

    isEraserToolSelected() {
        return this.state.toolSelected === SketchDrawConstants.toolType.eraser.id;
    }

    toolChangeClick() {
        this.setState({toolSelected: tools[this.state.toolSelected].nextId});
    }

    getToolName() {
        return tools[this.state.toolSelected].name;
    }

    onSketchSave(saveEvent) {
        this.props.onSave && this.props.onSave(saveEvent);
    }

    render() {
        return (
            <View style={{flex: 1, flexDirection: 'column'}}>
                <SketchDraw style={{flex: 1, backgroundColor: 'white'}} ref="sketchRef"
                selectedTool={this.state.toolSelected}
                toolColor={'#FFFA38'} //Yelow Example! you can changIT!
                onSaveSketch={this.onSketchSave.bind(this)}
                localSourceImagePath={this.props.localSourceImagePath}/>

                <View style={{ flexDirection: 'row', backgroundColor: '#EEE'}}>
                    <TouchableHighlight underlayColor={"#CCC"} style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', paddingVertical:20 }} onPress={() => { this.refs.sketchRef.clearSketch() }}>
                        <Text style={{color:'#888',fontWeight:'600'}}>CLEAR</Text>
                    </TouchableHighlight>
                    <TouchableHighlight underlayColor={"#CCC"} style={{ flex: 1, alignItems: 'center', paddingVertical:20, borderLeftWidth:1, borderRightWidth:1, borderColor:'#DDD' }} onPress={() => { this.refs.sketchRef.saveSketch() }}>
                        <Text style={{color:'#888',fontWeight:'600'}}>SAVE</Text>
                    </TouchableHighlight>
                    <TouchableHighlight underlayColor={"#CCC"} style={{ flex: 1, justifyContent:'center', alignItems: 'center', backgroundColor:this.isEraserToolSelected() ? "#CCC" : "rgba(0,0,0,0)" }} onPress={this.toolChangeClick.bind(this)}>

                    <Text style={{color:'#888',fontWeight:'600'}}>ERASER</Text>
                    </TouchableHighlight>
                </View>
            </View>
        );
    }
}
```

## APIs and Props

### APIs

1. `clearSketch()` - Clears the view.
2. `saveSketch(format, quality)` - Initiates saving of sketch.
    `format`: `JPEG` or `PNG` (default)
    `quality`: value from 1 to 100 for compression
3. `changeTool(toolId)` - Changes selected tool.
    * Tool Id can be found using SketchDraw tooltype constants eg. `SketchDraw.constants.toolType.pen.id`

#### Tool Types

1. Pen - `SketchDraw.constants.toolType.pen`
2. Eraser - `SketchDraw.constants.toolType.eraser`

### Props

1. `selectedTool` - Set the tool id to be selected.
2. `toolColor` - Set color for pen, using CSS colors.
3. `localSourceImagePath` - Local file path of the image.
4. `onSaveSketch(saveArgs)` - Callback when saving is complete.
    * `saveArgs` Is an object having the following properties -
        * `localFilePath` - Local file path of the saved image.
        * `imageWidth` - Width of the saved image.
        * `imageHeight` - Height of the saved image.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)
